he is very ambitious in a bowling game of a few pieces I
begins to
so here we go it was difficult but I managed to be
very early professional
and then after I was lucky
at the beginning of the season and we'll see
then signals to real madrid so what can I actually I'm very
happy but I still live ambition to be happy
to be stronger on the
on the ground is to impose myself
in madrid and france team
I think that it's good
at a great time for me to be in front of all these seven people when
I signed to water
to Madrid
so here it was
moving and there
I hope to continue working with the label
of course that on his bad news do like him and at
in madrid the same
camille this land
not very great player he did a lot of beautiful things
at the real madrid and team of France
so the player hopes the superstars like murray
for me it is a very very great coach
he won a lot of titles
he has released great players too
after what's in for it's what my luck is I think
Russia then decided mental
it's actually here today I'm here I'm beating m
I bought 1% for football
the most dangerous in the world
many were powerful in the opel
because he's played a lot of league games
they know the very high level
here is near the mausoleum a very good team and in League of
champions they are rare
and then his level of big European teams I think tears on
100 m as I said it's when you play against against a team that is
on the on the game sheet stronger than she
she gets mixed up an unemployed person a very very big level
I think you have to play it's an outside match that's
very important I think you have to play attack
never stop taking a goal outside
I was trying to score a goal a wise this heart shape good I hope
to score against Lyon of course I hope to score for
it was necessary to win for 100 euros to win the team so I see the proof
besides the tour of the champions
I do not think it's important to play well outside and to score
however, we observe in his works
for me it's one of too much to leave new york
but their flocks to win funerals I hope this year
mandate
we leave the champions league
vim
no